[Music]
[Applause]
now get get out of there
you've been so stressed lately but this
vet is gonna help you
he specializes in behavioral disorders
but I don't have a behavioral disorder
yeah I'm fine too it's like humans it's
nuts I mean you know I I bring him a
dead bird she throws it out
[Music]
and I've gone no way someone's in my
litter box do any of you know captain
snowball and here we go
it's snow time
is he okay
not in any way No
[Music]
hey no no no this way buddy the baby is
leaving in nesco he's staying home with
me where it's safe
three max Liam just left wait what
it's home base to all units the package
has left the building does anyone have
eyes on him
[Music]
the first step of not being afraid is
acting like you're not afraid
[Music]
Wow oh it's just this weird little guy
[Applause]
[Music]